Let's try this again.
So as,
Has been brought to our attention over the last couple of weeks.
We are living in an unstable,
World. we're living in an unstable times in a divided world.
And as we know, it's going to be getting much worse.
While considering the topic for my message today and after reading Matt's last couple of emails,
To the congregation regarding Charlie Kirk.
in the state of where we're at, it got me to thinking about
The importance of us praying for one another.
All of us know someone that is in desperate,
need of prayer and encouragement.
and healing.
As was mentioned in the prayer request, my sister called me last night and she is, uh,
Got some health issues going on.
And she was requesting prayers for her help.
And we have a constant list of people on our prayer request list.
On the bulletin.
Um,
For requested prayer.
I will admit there's some people on there that I don't know.
As I go through the list,
And,
But God knows who they are nonetheless.
But I was also thinking I'd like to know a little bit more about their situation so I could have a deeper connection with them.
so that's something i could probably look into to see what's why is this person been on there for so long and what is their need and such so i can pray for more than.
just their name, I can actually go into what's their situation.
But the point is we need to be praying for each other.
And more than ever, for God's healing and strength, comfort, and
And protection.
We live in perilous times.
And we need to be praying for one another for God's strength.
Let's go to James 5, verses 5 to 16.
And this is what we have on our bulletin. It says, confess your faults to one another and pray for one another.
That you may be healed
The affected fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much.
So regarding this,
I have a co-worker.
He's a Hispanic fellow. He doesn't speak real good English, but
um enough that i can communicate with him pretty well.
But,
I just noticed the other day that he was sullen.
He was kind of standing by the back door, and he seemed very depressed.
So I went up to him and I, I just asked him, Are you Ok?
Because usually I joke around with him, and I could tell he just wasn't in the mood for that. So I just went up and I said, are you okay?
and um he just said that he just lost his twenty seven year old daughter.
um to brain cancer recently.
i didn't know that this was going on. i just noticed one day that he was despondent and seemed very sad.
so i was talking to him and he was telling me about the situation and he started crying.
and.
He thanked me for stopping and taking the time to listen to him.
And I can really tell that he
Needed to talk about this.
And I just told him, I said,
Miguel, I love you and I'm so sorry that you're going through this. I can't even imagine.
What you are going through.
I am so sorry for your family and for your loss.
And,
he was very receptive to that and i'll still go down through the shop and give him a hug and to see how he's doing.
And I've noticed that it seems to be helping him.
As he's going through this grief.
So we need to be having deeper connections, not just with our church family,
But also with the people we interact with on a daily basis.
So I've been going to a lot of doctor visits.
And it's getting to be the point where I'll be on.
My work's, uh...
it's we call it teams but i'll go on the supervisors thread.
And I'll put, okay, I'm going out for another doctor visit.
and i'll get a little bit of backlash from some people just being goofy with little memes or stuff they'll put up.
uh but one person actually a friend of mine responded back to me privately.
And,
He just said, I've noticed you've been going out for a lot of doctor's visits lately. he's like, Are you
And I appreciated this concern and I responded.
and.
I just said what was going on.
And,
Told him, you know, the situation.
And he just said to me,
Please let me know what's going on with you next time so I can be praying for you. He says, I could be praying for you regarding the situation.
so i just i told him wow i really appreciate that and i would i'm sorry i didn't tell him that going forward i'd make sure to let him know.
you know if i have some kind of concern or something going on that he could actually be praying for me.
So it was a good point. We just need to make sure we're all praying for each other.
Because we know we're living in the end times, and the love of many is waxing cold with people has been evident of what we've seen over these last few weeks.
uh let's go to matthew 24 verses 12 through 13.
And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold.
But he shall endure.
But he that shall endure to the end shall be saved.
And then we're going to go to 2 Timothy 3.
Verses one through five.
This,
Know also that in the last days perilous times shall come, for men shall be lovers of their own selves covetous boasters.
Proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
Without natural affection,
True-sprayers, false accusers,
Incontinent
Fierce, despisers of those that are good,
Traitors,, heady, high-minded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness, but but not denying the power of it,
From such, turned away from.
We have seen the evidence of this.
in the past week and a half.
Where people are praising the death of a man
That they didn't agree with.
This is pure evil.
They're celebrating the death of a married man with young children. It is sickening.
What is going on?
But we are commanded to be different.
Let's go to Matthew 5, verses 40, 30 through 48. Okay
You have heard that it was said, You shall love your neighbor, and hate your enemy.
But I say to you, love your enemies, bless those who curse you.
Do good to those who hate you and pray.
For those whose,
Despite you, spitefully use you and persecute you,
That ye may be sons of your Father in heaven, for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.
For if you love those who love you,
What reward have you?
Do not even the tax collectors do the same?
And if you greet your brethren only, what do you?
Do more than others.
Do you not even see how to tell it?
Therefore you shall be perfect.
Just as your
Father is in heaven.
So God is working in our hearts. He wants us to be like he and his son are.
He wants us to be bold.
He wants us to stand up for what we believe in and hate sin.
Were commanded to pray without ceasing,
And prayers
of thanksgiving in all situations.
This even applies to how we pray for others.
We are not
Come, let's see, we are not commanded to pray mindless repetitions.
Nor are we told that only eloquent prayers are heard.
God wants us to pray from our hearts.
When you're praying, we also need to be careful not to get this stuck in a rut. We're praying...
For others, kind of like we're going through our grocery list, we've got to be careful about
How we're praying.
And be intentional, and not pray,
Just going through the motions.
Let's now go to Philippians 4, verses 6 through 7.
Be anxious for nothing but in everything by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your request be made known to God.
And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and minds through Jesus Christ.
What a beautiful verse that is
We are told
To be anxious for nothing.
To let a request be known in prayer, and he will guard our hearts and minds.
He will do that for us.
So in closing, I know the semester is a little bit short.
Many of us are heading off to the feast soon, but not all of us will be able to go.
That's just how it is.
There are some dealing with health issues, job loss.
Money issues that prevent them from attending.
So please be praying for them.
Give them encouragement.
Also, in our daily prayers, I'd like to encourage us to continue praying for each other.
We really have no idea what some of us are going through.
We all need prayers of encouragement and healing.